Our two sisters are gone
Completely gone
Just one day
Less than an hour
Who are you?
You'll never know where I am
I am above the clouds
Cloud hood
Mr. Xue
Please, please let my daughter go
He is still young
He doesn't know anything.
As long as you let him go
I am willing to bear all the consequences of you alone
Mr. Xue
See your performance
What were you saying again?
I just, I just got married
I can marry Mr. Xue
In one fell swoop hahahaha
Hahahaha
Mr. Gong, what's the origin of this kid?
What did you just do to him?
He's just a neighborhood locket.
Dare to be the position of Qinglong Yunjun
I don't know the sky is high and the earth is thick
I was just about to knock it down.
Lin Jia Zhuoxu
It's the delivery guy from the Lin family
But now he has divorced Li Mengdi.
The Lin family raised him for four years
Now he has been kicked out by the Lin family
Climbed to the president of Yueshi Group
It's just delusional to want to see the night market go to the sky
Mr. Gong
This kid just said something rude and bankrupted the good family
Mr. Gong, you have to do us justice.
He is not only for our four families
It's to you, Mr. Gong
He doesn't care about it either.
Look down on me
Yeah what to say to get you there in a minute
Just pretend to make a phone call
I didn't expect you to come.
He just got lucky
What a coincidence!